actually babies goalkeeping coach
Aldershot Town Football Club today we're
going to work on a base it handling
stepping into the line to catch a ball
followed by scoop slip sit catch will be
doing working straight on balls and
volleys into the goalkeeper we're
stepping up the line setting head steel
elbows in body weight forward sit cat
keep your head still all done don't sit
step catch don't sit step catch good
technique of this exercise is hand soft
head steel body weight forward light on
your feet and we will go into scoops
same procedure step into the line body
weight forward elbows tucked in head
forward body shape go sit good elbows in
all the time head still body weight
forward yuck sit Scoob and fall forward
basic mistakes of this maneuver is
people not moving their feet in line
with the ball so they'll try and catch
it without moving their feet so they
need to get the body in line and then
move the fee across we're not going to
do catch in with distribution with the
choice of three different throws over
arm
underarm
javelin throw
we've got four different stations for
different colors he will receive the
catch on the shadow of the color he will
make the choice of the throw right step
in and fro good read step in and frog
good
you